.TH battery-alert 1 "18 February 2021" "" "Linux User's Manual"

.SH NAME
battery-alert \- UPower notification daemon

.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
.nf
\fBbattery-alert\fR [\fB--device\fR \fBDEVICE\fR] [\fB--alert-on\fR \fBPROPERTY\fR] [\fB--no-alert-on\fR \fBPROPERTY]\fR
\fBbattery-alert\fR \fB--help\fR
\fBbattery-alert\fR \fB--version\fR
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fIbattery-alert\fR is a simple daemon which listens
for \fBUPower\fR(7) events on the system bus and emits desktop
notifications.

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
\fB\-\-alert-on\fR
\fBPROPERTY\fR
.RS 4
Send a desktop notification when the property \fBPROPERTY\fR changes.
Can be specified multiple times to listen for multiple properties.
The properties \fIIconName\fR, \fIBatteryLevel\fR, \fIState\fR and \fIOnline\fR are used even if not explicitly specified.
.RE

.PP
\fB\-\-device\fR
\fBDEVICE\fR
.RS 4
Listen for events from \fBDEVICE\fR.
If \fB\DEVICE\fR does not begin with /
the object path \fI/org/freedesktop/UPower/devices/\fBDEVICE\fR is used instead.
This option can be specified repeatedly to listen on multiple
devices at once.
If no device is specified, the daemon listens to \fI/org/freedesktop/UPower/devices/DisplayDevice\fR.
.RE

.PP
\fB\-\-help\fR
.RS 4
Print usage information, then exit.
.RE

.PP
\fB\-\-no-alert-on\fR
\fBPROPERTY\fR
.RS 4
Don't send a desktop notification when the property \fBPROPERTY\fR changes.
This can be used to negate arguments to \fB\-\-alert-on\fR
or to avoid notifications for the default properties
\fIIconName\fR, \fIBatteryLevel\fR, \fIState\fR and \fIOnline\fR.
.RE

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fR
.RS 4
Print version number, then exit.
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Written by Sara Johnsson
<46252070+Fendse@users.noreply.github.com>
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBupower\fR(1),
\fBupowerd\fR(8),
\fBUPower\fR(7)